README.md, before:

# The OWL Change Ontology

## Purpose and scope

TBC


## Vocabulary development
This ontology is developed following the guidelines provided by the [LOT methodology](https://lot.linkeddata.es/). 

### Requirements
TBC

### Ontology model

The following diagram shows a general overview of the classes and properties of the Conceptual Mapping vocabulary. This diagram follows the [Chowlk notation](https://chowlk.linkeddata.es/notation.html). For a complete description of the ontology constructs, see the [documentation](http://w3id.org/def/och).

<p align="center"> 
 <img src="./diagrams/diagram.png?raw=true" alt="schema" width="950"/> 
</p>

### Ontology (OWL)
The encoded core ontology in OWL can be found [here](ontology/ontology.ttl). 

### Shapes
To check that a change KG is compliant with the OCH ontology, shapes SHACL are provided in the [shapes folder](shapes/).

### Mappings
To generate a change KG with the OCH ontology, we provide a mapping template in [YARRRML](https://w3id.org/kg-construct/yarrrml) in the [mappings folder](mappings/)

### Examples
Some examples of how the language can be used to describe data for RDF transformation is shown in the [examples folder](examples/).

## Contribute
The management of issues and improvements suggested for this vocabulary is done by addressing [issues]() in the repository. If you are interested in collaborate with us in a new version of the language, send us an email or open a new issue or discussion!

## Authors
* Diego Conde-Herreros
* María Poveda Villalón
* Romana Pernisch
* David Chaves-Fraga

Commit message:

SPARQL queries and data templates added

README.md, after:

# The OWL Change Ontology

## Purpose and scope

TBC


## Vocabulary development
This ontology is developed following the guidelines provided by the [LOT methodology](https://lot.linkeddata.es/). 

### Requirements
TBC

### Ontology model

The following diagram shows a general overview of the classes and properties of the Conceptual Mapping vocabulary. This diagram follows the [Chowlk notation](https://chowlk.linkeddata.es/notation.html). For a complete description of the ontology constructs, see the [documentation](http://w3id.org/def/och).

<p align="center"> 
 <img src="./diagrams/diagram.png?raw=true" alt="schema" width="950"/> 
</p>

### Ontology (OWL)
The encoded core ontology in OWL can be found [here](ontology/ontology.ttl). 

### Shapes
To check that a change KG is compliant with the OCH ontology, shapes SHACL are provided in the [shapes folder](shapes/).

### Mappings
To generate a change KG with the OCH ontology, we provide a mapping template in [YARRRML](https://w3id.org/kg-construct/yarrrml) in the [mappings folder](mappings/)

### Examples
Some examples of how the language can be used to describe data for RDF transformation is shown in the [examples folder](examples/). Csv templates with the associated mappings to generate the change KG are in the [change data template folder](change_data_template/). 

## Contribute
The management of issues and improvements suggested for this vocabulary is done by addressing [issues]() in the repository. If you are interested in collaborate with us in a new version of the language, send us an email or open a new issue or discussion!

## Authors
* Diego Conde-Herreros
* María Poveda Villalón
* Romana Pernisch
* David Chaves-Fraga
